hi everyone is florian kringe
people we end up for the top 10 he
a series that I had told you if
you look at my posts so that will be a
series with aurel blood that will bring together
said he would envy you for
this price an episode it's us who the
have done to show you and after
we will classify them we will take the ten
is better than you sent us
and we will put them in the form of
ranking go on this I tell you to
right now for the tenth position
and in 10th place we find drome
x 47 on the mannschaft that will us
make a language all thanks map
I evaluate in 9th place we find arrow
fire you and a little cow of
quiet that is nice but
unfortunately an arrow will arrive
to kill her in perfect sacro fire and we
ends up with downing flint on a
puddle mode that had to make a jump
more triple fidh already him even
does a little marker prove to the people
and he will finish by completing the pig
because this pig has nothing to do
in this top 10 this match com is the
seventh place - other than killer
who will make us a pretty quad fidh
this is nothing simpler a little
fine point in seventh place
it's a pleasure for us in sixth place
are on the isère map that is or
some explaining will make us a
double job cactus plus one shoot provost
him in 5th place his camels 18 which
wants to be on our desert too
shell sites 6 except that he's going
end up playing 360 and after king 30
2171 on the map mention yes
sorry she makes us 1,181 of the blow
I'm late bravo to the third
place we're going it's me who's that
I am on a desert furniture I make a
small 360 on the scale why not that
pleases
shame that I'm not higher in
second place we end up with his
ipad bo that stole my place the
nasty about vintage fashion that we
make a 360 up it marker 1 2 3
could not 3 and bin 4 an empty shell
on the village simply the
first place we find aurel
blood on the kaman map
what makes us a 360 toy followed by a
under 80 walfoot
nothing simpler so simply
this is the top 10 he is finished I hope
many of you will send our
clips
send your clips for the next one in
beastly you liked it you can
send to florian ring point planer at
gmail.com
it's shown on the screen and on that
I hope you enjoyed
subscribe if you like it and
Hi everybody
at